# Terraform-AWS
Terraform script file for provisioning EC2 instance in AWS
Analyze
Granular data and extended retention
Amazon CloudWatch allows you to monitor trends and seasonality with 15 months of metric data (storage and retention). This data allows you to perform historical analysis to fine-tune resource utilization. With CloudWatch, you can also collect up to 1 second of health metrics including custom ones, such as those coming from your on-premises applications. Granular real-time data enables better visualization and ability to spot and monitor trends to optimize application performance and operational health.
Custom operations on metrics
Amazon CloudWatch Metric Math enables you to perform calculations across multiple metrics for real-time analysis so you can easily derive insights from your existing CloudWatch metrics and better understand the operational health and performance of your infrastructure. You can visualize these computed metrics in the AWS Management Console, add them to CloudWatch dashboards, or retrieve them using the GetMetricData API action. Metric Math supports arithmetic operations such as +, -, /, *, and mathematical functions such as Sum, Average, Min, Max, and Standard Deviation.
Log analytics
Amazon CloudWatch Logs Insights enables you to drive actionable intelligence from your logs to address operational issues without needing to provision servers or manage software. You can instantly begin writing queries with aggregations, filters, and regular expressions. In addition, you can visualize timeseries data, drill down into individual log events, and export query results to CloudWatch Dashboards. This gives you complete operational visibility. With a few clicks in the AWS Management Console, you can start using Logs Insights to query logs sent to CloudWatch. You only pay for the queries you run.
Analyze container metrics, logs, and traces
Container Insights simplifies the analysis of observable data from metrics, logs, and traces by simplifying deep linking from automatic dashboards to granular performance events, application logs (stdout/stderr), custom logs, predefined Amazon EC2 instance logs, Amazon EKS/k8s data plane logs and Amazon EKS control plane logs using CloudWatch Logs Insights’ advance query language.

Contributor Insights
Amazon CloudWatch now includes Contributor Insights, which analyzes time-series data to provide a view of the top contributors influencing system performance. Once set up, Contributor Insights runs continuously without needing additional user intervention. This helps developers and operators more quickly isolate, diagnose, and remediate issues during an operational event. Contributor Insights helps you understand who or what is impacting your system and application performance, such as a specific resource, customer account, or API call. This enables you to pinpoint outliers, find the heaviest traffic patterns, and rank the most utilized system processes. You can create Contributor Insights rules to evaluate patterns in structured log events as they are sent to CloudWatch Logs, including logs from AWS services like AWS CloudTrail, Amazon Virtual Private Cloud, Amazon API Gateway, and any custom logs sent by your service or on-premises servers, such as Apache access logs. Contributor Insights will evaluate these log events in real-time and display reports that show the top contributors and number of unique contributors in a dataset. A contributor is an aggregate metric based on dimensions contained as log fields in CloudWatch Logs, such as account-id or interface-id in VPC Flow Logs, or any other custom set of dimensions. You can sort and filter contributor data based on your own custom criteria. Contributor Insights report data can be displayed on CloudWatch dashboards, graphed alongside CloudWatch metrics, and added to CloudWatch alarms.
